Confidentiality and Work Product Assignment
In consideration for a grant of equity and as a condition of my engagement by Haven Planning, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Company”) to provide certain services and Company’s agreement to provide me with access to certain of its Confidential Information (defined below in Section 1.2), I, the undersigned, enter into this Confidentiality and Work Product Assignment with and in favor of the Company (this “Agreement”).

I have and will have access to and knowledge of Company trade secrets and other Confidential Information.

It is of material benefit and a condition to me receiving and retaining my equity, if any and as and if applicable, to restrict the disclosure of Company trade secrets and other Confidential Information with a nondisclosure agreement and for me to assign all Work Product (defined in Section 2.1) and all Intellectual Property Rights (defined in Section 2.1) therein to the Company.

Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the parties, the parties hereby agree as follows:
Confidential Information Protections.
Recognition of Company’s Rights; Nondisclosure.  My receipt of equity and permission to provide services to the Company creates a relationship of confidence and trust with the Company, and Company has a reasonable, valuable and protectable interest in Confidential Information and Work Product.  Except to the extent permitted by Section 12, at all times I will hold in confidence and will not disclose or use any Confidential Information, except as required in connection with the provision of services to Company that the Company requests that I perform.  I will take all reasonable precautions to prevent the unauthorized disclosure and use of Confidential Information.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1833(b), I will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (a) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.  Company information and documentation to which I have had or will have access during my engagement, regardless of whether it contains Confidential Information, is the property of Company and cannot be copied, downloaded or retained for my personal use or for any use other than as required in the provision of services for Company that the Company requests that I perform.  Company has no obligation to reveal or give me access to any Confidential Information.  The Company does not make any representation or warranty that any of the Confidential Information is accurate or complete or fit for any purpose.

Confidential Information.  “Confidential Information” means any and all confidential or proprietary information regarding Company, including any of its assets, products, services, consultants, staff, financial and operational plans, strategies, and finances, and any confidential or proprietary information that Company has received, or receives in the future, from any third party that Company has agreed to treat as confidential or to use for only certain limited purposes.  Without limiting the definition of Confidential Information, Confidential Information includes trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, formulas, software in source or object code, data, technology, know-how, technology, content, designs, techniques, strategies, research and development, operations, budgets, unpublished financial statements and projections, costs, margins, discounts, credit terms, pricing, quoting procedures, capital-raising plans, internal services, vendor and vendor information, information about customers and potential customers, including customer lists, names, representatives, their needs or desires with respect to the types of products or services offered by Company, information about Company’s business relationships and their services, including names, representatives, proposals, bids, contracts, and the products and services they provide, information regarding personnel, compensation, and skills, and any non-public or proprietary information that a competitor of Company could use to Company’s competitive disadvantage.
Third Party Information.  I will not improperly use or disclose trade secrets or other confidential information of any other person or entity, and I will not bring onto Company’s premises or any systems or equipment of the Company, any unpublished documents or property belonging to any other person or entity.

Assignment of Work Product.

Definitions.  (a) “Intellectual Property Rights” means all past, present and future rights of the following types, which may exist or be created under the laws of any jurisdiction in the world: trade secrets, copyrights, trademark and trade name rights, service marks, trade dress, look and feel, mask work rights, patents and industrial property, and all proprietary rights in technology or works of authorship (including, in each case, any application for any such rights, all rights to priority, and any rights to apply for any such rights, as well as all rights to pursue remedies for infringement or violation of any such rights), and all goodwill therein; (b) “Moral Rights” means all paternity, integrity, disclosure, withdrawal, special and similar rights recognized by the laws of any jurisdiction in the world; and (d) “Work Product” means any and all work product including work made for hire, including inventions, discoveries, ideas, processes, content, formulas, software in source or object code, data, technology, know-how, designs, and techniques and all Intellectual Property Rights related thereto, that are made, created, conceived, developed, prepared, invented, produced, authored, edited, amended, reduced to practice, learned or set out in any tangible medium of expression, in whole or in part, by me, either alone or with others, during the course of my performing any services to or for the benefit of the Company or at the request of the Company or using any Confidential Information or other property, systems or facilities of the Company, and all printed, physical, and electronic copies, and other tangible and intangible embodiments thereof.

Assignment of Work Product.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, I hereby assign to Company all my right, title, and interest in and to any and all Work Product and agree that such assignment includes an assignment of all Moral Rights.  To the extent such Moral Rights cannot be assigned to Company and to the extent the following is allowed by the laws in any country where Moral Rights exist, I hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waive the enforcement of such Moral Rights, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against Company or related to Company’s customers, with respect to such rights.  Neither my successors-in-interest nor legal heirs retain any Moral Rights in any Work Product.  Nothing contained in this Agreement may be construed to reduce or limit Company’s rights, title, or interest in any Work Product so as to be less in any respect than that Company would have had in the absence of this Agreement.
Obligation to Keep Company Informed.  I will keep and maintain adequate, complete and current records (in reasonable and customary form and in any other form that is required by Company) of all Work Product, which records will be available at all time to and remain the sole property of Company.  I will promptly and fully disclose in writing and deliver to Company all Work Product.  At the time of each disclosure, I will advise Company in writing of any Work Product that I believe is or may be nonassignable and I will at that time provide to Company in writing all evidence necessary to substantiate my belief; if I do not make such provision, it shall be deemed that there are no such nonassignable items.
Works Made for Hire.  Without limiting any other protections or rights of the Company or any other grants or assignments to the Company herein, all original works of authorship that are made by me (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of my engagement and that are protectable by Copyright are “works made for hire,” pursuant to United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C., Section 101).
Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights and Assistance.  I will assist Company as the Company requests, including preparing, signing, verifying, delivering, and filing, as applicable, any agreements and other documents and performing any other acts to obtain and enforce United States and foreign Intellectual Property Rights and Moral Rights and other rights relating to Work Product or Confidential Information in any jurisdictions in the world.  If Company is unable for any reason, after reasonable effort, to secure my signature on any document needed in connection with the actions specified in this paragraph, I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney in fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest, to act for and on my behalf to execute, verify and file any such documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of this Agreement with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me.  I hereby waive and quitclaim to Company any and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, which I now or may hereafter have for infringement of any Intellectual Property Rights assigned to Company under this Agreement.
Incorporation of Software Code.  I will not incorporate into any Work Product, including any Company software, or otherwise deliver to Company, any software code licensed under the GNU General Public License, Lesser General Public License, or any other license that, by its terms, requires or conditions the use or distribution of such code on the disclosure, licensing, or distribution of any source code owned or licensed by Company, except in strict compliance with Company’s policies regarding the use of such software or as specifically directed by Company.
Export.  I will not export, reexport, or transfer, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from Company or any products utilizing such data, in violation of the United States export laws or regulations.
Notice of Obligations.  If I am offered engagement or the opportunity to enter into any business venture as owner, lender, partner, consultant or other capacity, I will inform such third party of my obligations under this Agreement.  I will inform Company of other engagement or business ventures which I am offered where there might be a potential conflict of interest or which might conflict with this Agreement or any other agreement I have with the Company, and I authorize Company to provide copies of this Agreement to such parties and to make such persons aware of my obligations under this Agreement.
Return of Company Property.  Upon the Company’s request, I will deliver to Company any and all Work Product and other materials, information and other property of the Company together with all copies thereof.  I will not copy, delete, or alter any information contained upon my Company computer or Company systems or equipment before I return it to Company.  In addition, if I have used any personal computer, server, or e-mail system to receive, store, review, prepare or transmit any Company information, Work Product or other property, I will provide Company with (a) a computer-useable copy of all such information and then, with 5 business days’ notice to the Company, permanently delete such information from those systems, unless otherwise instructed by the Company and (b) reasonable access to my system as reasonably requested to verify that the necessary copying or deletion is completed.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, any property situated on Company’s premises, equipment or systems and owned or licensed by Company, including disks, email, and other storage media, filing cabinets or other work areas, and all Company property, systems, and equipment, are subject to inspection by the Company at any time, with notice. Upon request of the Company, I will (i) provide Company any and all information needed to access any and all Company property and other business information, including any login, password, keys, codes and account information and (ii) complete and sign a statement or agreement requested by Company.
No Conflicting Agreement or Obligation.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, during any period of time in which I am providing services to the Company, I will not, without Company’s written consent engage in any business that (a) is a direct competitor with the products or services of the Company or (b) does or would otherwise create a conflict of interest between me and the Company, or impair the efficacy of this Agreement or my ability to perform and comply with this Agreement.  I represent and warrant that I am not a party to or bound by any agreement or policies that would be breached by or conflicts with my entering into this Agreement, assigning the Work Product, my performance of and compliance with all the terms of this Agreement, or my provision of services to the Company.  I have not entered into, and I will not enter into, any written or oral agreement that causes or would cause a conflict of interest or a breach of this Agreement or which would impair the terms of this Agreement or my ability to perform or comply with this Agreement.  I have full right and power to enter into and perform this Agreement without the consent of or notice to any third party.
Reasonableness of Restrictions.  I represent and warrant that I have read this entire Agreement and understand it.  I acknowledge and agree that (a) I have the right to consult with legal counsel before signing this Agreement and (b) my fulfillment of the obligations contained in this Agreement are necessary to protect the Company and to preserve the value and goodwill of the Company.  I agree that (i) this Agreement does not prevent me from earning a living or pursuing my career and (ii) the grants and restrictions contained in this Agreement are reasonable, proper, and necessitated by Company’s legitimate business interests, and do not impair my assets or ability to earn a living.  I represent, warrant and agree that I am entering into this Agreement freely, with knowledge of its contents and the intent to be bound by its terms.  If a court finds this Agreement, or any of its restrictions, are ambiguous, unenforceable, or invalid, Company and I agree that the court will read the Agreement as a whole and interpret such restriction(s) to be enforceable and valid to the maximum extent allowed by law.  If the court declines to enforce this Agreement in the manner provided herein, this Agreement will be automatically modified to provide Company with the maximum protection of its business interests allowed by law, and I agree to be bound by this Agreement as modified.
Indemnification.  I shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company, and its directors, officers, and Tej Mehta, from any and all claims, losses, obligations, liabilities, damages, expenses and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs) (first and third party claims) which result from a breach or alleged breach of any obligation, representation or warranty of mine or from any act or omission of mine.
Legal and Equitable Remedies.
It may be impossible to assess the damages caused by violation of or threat to violate this Agreement.  Accordingly, in addition to any remedies available under applicable law, all of which are cumulative, any threatened or actual violation of this Agreement will constitute immediate and irreparable injury to Company, and Company will have the right to enforce this Agreement by injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief, without bond and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that Company may have for a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement.

If Company seeks in whole or in part in any legal or equitable action under this Agreement (including a court partially or fully granting any application, motion, or petition by Company for specific performance, injunctive relief, including a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or permanent injunction), whether against or commenced by me, Company will be entitled to recover, and I will pay on request, all costs, fees, or expenses it incurred at any time during the course of the dispute (even if not legal action was filed), including reasonable attorney’s fees.  For payment of any legal fees or indemnification under this Agreement by me, a final resolution of such dispute or a final judgment is not a prerequisite to Company’s right to demand payment hereunder and such amounts must be paid by me to Company within 30 days after I receive written notice of such demand.  If Company demands only a portion of any such costs, fees, or expenses incurred, such demand will be without prejudice to further demands for the remainder.

Attorneys’ Fees.  If the Company pursues any legal, arbitral or mediation action (whether or not any court action is commenced) relating to the enforcement of this Agreement or my acts or omissions, I shall, upon request therefor, pay the legal fees and costs incurred by the Company.

Notices.  All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to or receipt by the party to be notified; (b) five business days after deposit in the mail; (c) one business day after deposit with an overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt; and (d) if emailed upon either receipt of: (i) an acknowledgment or response by the recipient of the email, (ii) electronic confirmation that said email has been opened by the recipient, or (iii) one business day after sending.  All communications shall be sent to the other party to this Agreement at such party’s address hereinafter set forth herein, or at such other address as such party may designate by advance written notice to the other party.  Refusal to accept delivery shall be deemed notice.
No Employment.  Nothing in this Agreement creates any employment, agency, employment agreement, joint venture, or partnership.  Any services that I provided or may provide to the Company are on an at-will basis only and I or my services may be terminated by the Company or me at any time for any or no reason with or without notice, except as prohibited by applicable law.  If I determine not to provide services to the Company at any time, I will immediately advise the Company.
Protected Activity Not Prohibited.  I understand that nothing in this Agreement limits or prohibits me from (a) filing a charge or complaint with, or otherwise communicating or cooperating with or participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by law enforcement or any federal, state or local government agency, entity, or commission, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Engagement Opportunity Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the National Labor Relations Board, including disclosing documents or other information as permitted by law, without giving notice to, or receiving authorization from, Company; (b) discussing the terms and conditions of my engagement with others to the extent expressly permitted by Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act; or (c) disclosing or communicating information to the extent that such disclosure is protected under the applicable provisions of law or regulation, including “whistleblower” statutes or other similar provisions that protect such disclosure, provided that (i) in each case such communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law and (ii) the information subject to such disclosure was not obtained by me through a communication that was subject to the attorney client privilege or otherwise constitutes attorney work product, unless such disclosure of that information would otherwise be permitted by an attorney pursuant to 17 C.F.R. 205.3(d)(2), applicable state attorney conduct rules, or otherwise.  I also understand that nothing in this Agreement prohibits me from discussing or disclosing information (either orally or in writing) that is expressly prohibited from being the subject of any applicable engagement nondisclosure obligations under applicable law, such as information about possible or actual unlawful acts in the workplace, including harassment or any other conduct or violation of any U.S. federal, state or local law, regulation, or public policy, or from speaking with an attorney regarding the same.
Further Assurances.  I shall take all such further actions as may be requested by the Company to evidence and carry out this Agreement.
Survival.  This Agreement will survive the termination of my engagement by and my provision of services to the Company regardless of the reason.
Governing Law; Consent to Personal Jurisdiction.  This Agreement will be governed by and construed according to the laws of the state of Delaware or, as may be legally required, the State in which I reside, without regard to any conflict of laws principles that would require the application of the laws of a different jurisdiction.  I expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in the state of Delaware and my state of residence for any lawsuit filed by or against me by Company arising from or related to this Agreement.  I will promptly provide the Company with updated information if I change my address or state of residence.
Interpretation.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, except that I may not assign this Agreement or any part hereof or any rights or obligations, and such assignment or attempt thereof shall be null and void.  This Agreement and that certain Stock Agreement of even date herewith between me and the Company constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all other prior agreements or understandings between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  There are no third party beneficiaries to this Agreement.  This Agreement shall not be modified except by a separate writing signed by the parties, or any term waived except in a writing signed by the party to be charged with such waiver.  Failure or delay at any time to require performance of any provision hereof or exercise any right shall not affect the right at a later time to enforce or exercise the same or any other provision or right.  If any provision shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision and shall not affect or render invalid or unenforceable any other provision of this Agreement and any such provision shall be construed and modified to the extent necessary, if possible, so as not to be invalid or unenforceable. No course of dealing between the parties or any other person or entity shall operate as a waiver of or affect any right or remedy of the parties or the interpretation of this Agreement.  No provision of this Agreement shall be construed against or interpreted to the disadvantage of any party by reason of such party or its counsel having, or being deemed to have, structured or drafted such provision.  “Including” and “includes” are inclusive and mean “including without limitation.”  “Or” shall mean “and/or.”  This Agreement may be signed in counterparts and by facsimile, pdf or electronic signature, each of which shall be deemed one and the same agreement.  All rights and remedies of the Company are cumulative.
Advice of Counsel.  I ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE AND REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT, IN READING AND SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, I HAVE HAD THE RIGHT TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, AND I HAVE EITHER MADE SUCH CONSULTATION OR DETERMINED IN MY OWN JUDGMENT NOT TO OBTAIN LEGAL COUNSEL.  I REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT I HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL OF THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

The undersigned have executed this Confidentiality and Work Product Assignment as of the date set forth above.



_________________________
Mohd Majid Ali
Accepted and agreed to by:
Haven Planning, Inc.


By: ______________________
Tej Mehta, President and CEO
